I started my activism in 2009 yeah so
I'll give a brief history to my work
yeah do that I was born in I was born in
Luton in 1982 luton's a town that's 30
mil north of London when I was born in
1982 there was one mosque there's now 45
mosques okay how big is lon it's 200,000
population and how many Mosk 45 okay 45
luten was named by the CIA as the
epicenter for terrorist activities
across Europe the fertilizer bomb plot
was planned in Luton the 77 attacks they
got their bombs in Luton the home bomber
was radicalized in Luton terrorist
attack after terrorist attack is
orchestrated and come from Luton now
growing up in Luton I as I said when I
was born I've seen all of this yeah
Aladin you know Omar bakre Abu Abu Hamza
the two their head office they used to
have an organization called Aline who
were not a they're now a prescribed
terrorist organization but they never
were their head office was in biscuit
Mill in my hometown so growing up I had
a very life lesson of the influence of
islamist ideology
and what it can do to Freedom yeah also
the grooming gangs which is something
we'll get on to so my cousin was a
victim at 14 she was hooked on Heroin
and raped she she was she woke up being
raped by gangs of bearded men in the
Muslim in the Muslim Community she run
naked through the streets now what the
police done at the time is nothing yeah
so I grew up watching how old were you
when that happened I would have been 13
so she was 14 so as all this is
happening and just so people get Luton
is one of the most d diverse towns in
Great Britain one of the most diverse
towns in Europe yeah so white English
are a minority okay most of the people I
love and not white because I've been
brought up in in this community yeah so
as I've been brought up in our school
playground when when I went to school
you had the Muslim playground and the
non-muslim playground like so I had very
quick learning and then when you go into
Theo why why would they segregated well
they segregated themselves the Muslims
did not integrate or assimilate so when
you go into the school dinner table just
so people can picture it you'll have
whites sitting with blacks sitting with
Indians sitting with siks sitting with
Hindus all sitting together and in the
corner there'll be 10 tables of Muslims
yeah now I never understood it as a
child okay it was from when I went to
high school I just knew the pakistanis
are very different yeah they're quite
hostile if you mess with one you've
declared war with the whole tribe yeah
there's not a fair fight there's never a
one-on-one fight it's all Gang Related
and I learn so I just grew up learning
it but that's not to say cuz some of the
best people I met in my hometown were
Muslim Lads yeah some of the people I
loved were Muslim Lads but per se there
was a real problem here and I grew up
watching it learning it and Al rine um
my first activism was in 2004 I was what
was I then 20 2004 I organized a protest
and this group do you remember the bezam
school
massacre no so bezam school massacre was
chian re chian terrorists had took
control of a school and this is coming
again yeah this is going to happen to a
Jewish school I guarantee you they took
control of a school when I was probably
2019 or something that was where this
was in C Russia yeah okay I remember and
what happened was the parents all
outside the school and all the Muslim
jihadists are inside the school with
their pupils with their children and
then they start butchering them and
killing them and I remember watching the
parents dropped their knees and they're
screaming yeah and I remember watching
it thinking what what is this what has
this isn't one man that's gone in and
done this this is a whole group of
people so what and then I had to
understand what brings someone to do
that and two weeks later I saw an
interview in a chicken shop in my
hometown of Luton with a man called
saful Islam which translates the sword
of Islam he was second in command of
aladine the group yeah who whose head
office is in my town and I saw him
saying an attack like that would be
justified in a British school and that
was my wake up I said who's this man and
I looked him up who's his group and I
looked up who they were and then I
looked up Omar bakree and then I started
understanding their ideology and trying
to work out and then for me these are a
yeah so then I organized and I looked
and they used to have a store set up so
we have a a Don Miller's bakery a famous
it's like your Tim Horton yeah we have a
bakery chain in Luton toown Center and
every Saturday this terrorist group are
there openly promoting hatred yeah just
openly sending people to fight for the
Taliban recruiting people so so the
Stockholm bomber who was a Iraqi Muslim
who come to University in Lon was a nice
young man till he come to Lon yeah then
then When You're vulnerable at your most
vulnerability away from home for the
first time in University they pounce
yeah that's typical cult Behavior this
is what so they pounce and they got him
and then he went and blew himself up
yeah so these groups have been operating
so I organized a protest called ban the
loot and Taliban yeah and I actually in
my pres I give a presentation Oxford
University when was that that was 2004 M
so I give a presentation Oxford
University because I made leaflets and
if you dig up the leaflet which i' done
for my Oxford University presentation in
2004 my rhetoric is never changed okay
so the leaflet was put front page of our
local newspaper and what I said is
whites and blacks are being religiously
and racially targeted in this town yeah
no one's doing anything about it there's
a total two policing operation in this
town where they get away with what they
want the Islamic community get away with
what they want they don't the police do
not know how to deal with these problems
I went on to say that they use drugs as
a weapon against our community to get
our children into pedophilic practices
which is what was now known as grooming
now when I made this when I and and I
was young man yeah and I organize it
with my friends we go to football
together um I'm luton's one of the most
it was vot voted the roughest town in
great BR yeah it's a rough place but we
what makes it rough um they were heart
makers what we were heart makers what
that's all that mercury that's the
history lon's a it's a poverty stricken
town with a lot of problems regardless
of Islam Luton has a lot of problems
it's a rough environment it's the levels
of violence are are as high as anywhere
in the UK but what you grow up thinking
is normal actually isn't normal yeah you
grow up with a level of violence in your
school on your streets or the way to
solve things is through violence and
it's a poor town yeah so I start I
organized this group about 200 of us
turned up English men and for the first
time it worked that the terrorist group
weren't there yeah the the jihadists
weren't there that day because we were
coming yeah and the police locked it
down but the what happened from that
point the police tell me what they did
now the police on this day the police
turned up we went to we went to Dom
Miller the group weren't there we then
stood held a little protest at our
Council building saying we need to get
rid of these terrorists yeah this is
before 77 this is before any terrorist
attacked in Great Britain this was these
the terrorist attacks we've seen and the
so 60% of the Muslims in Great British
prison in in Great Britain's jails are
ex-members of this group in Luton yeah
so okay so you actually had put your
finger on them I put my finger on them
and I named in the leaflet what I named
in the leaflet was the link between the
street drug gangs called the we have a
gang called the gambinos they haven't
they're not very original they're a
pakist group but they've called
themselves the gambinos and three year
four years later the national newspaper
so in 2004 I named them in I named them
in my leaflet and say we've had enough
of the gangs with their heroin and we've
had enough of the jihadists all
combining and what happened after this
was I was targeted by the by The Gangs
not by the jihadists by the street level
drug gangs who were drinking alcohol
gambling they're not religious they're
just out pumping heroin and controlling
the streets and prostitution I was
targeted by them now years later the
national newspapers run a link showing
the link between the gambinos they name
them and and terrorists they're working
they work alongside each other and at
the time the luten Islamic Center which
is the main Mosque of luten the main
salafist Mosque of Luton yeah um that's
it's the old synagogue ironically before
the Jews were driven out it's the old
synagogue it's now oh really yeah con
convenient but Kadir Basque was the
leader of this mosque now at the time I
then started looking at at this mosque
cuz my friends who Muslim had said BR
that that's the problem in this town
that's the problem yeah so I went on
their website and I translated their
website and I found a seven-page
justification for women to be lashed for
adultery yeah I found justification for
killing for apostates this is on the
main mosque yeah so I translated it all
and then basically I faced a backlash
from the Pakistani gangs and I had
problems then but at this time I'm I'm
being hon it I was part of a loton
football scene so I used to go football
with my friends the one sat the Saturday
would be the day that all the English
Lads would come together for Luton toown
football club it was a culture a
cultural thing I guess um I've never
claimed to be an angel either um so I
was part of a football scene so we
clashed then with with the the drug
gangs the the Muslim drug gangs and 5
years goes past um by this point um do
you think you did something wrong there
no I didn't do anything stood up against
them stood up stood up against them and
at times so I knew those gangs cuz they
all we're all the same age I went to
school with them yeah stood up against
them and I remember when they were
getting with one of my friends little
sisters and I rang my sister I rang the
family and said do not let her near them
I'm telling you yeah at the time don't
let her near them I know what's going to
happen and then that I had all the gangs
having problems with me then saiding
what's going on cuz because I knew them
yeah what's going on I said you're not
doing to her what you do I know the
family it's not happening Lads yeah the
amount of girls I know who lives have
been destroyed through these
prostitution drug gangs and they start
off nice with the girls they get them in
they treat them well they give them
money these are 13-year-old children
yeah they give them drink they give them
alcohol they'll drive them around in
their sports cars gradually gradually
bang they're gone the Go's gone yeah the
Go's gone and as I said when the family
was that when you became aware of
grooming yeah I've become aware because
my cousin and all the other girls went
to school with but at the time we viewed
them so at school the English kids we
just viewed the girls ourselves we we
viewed them wrong we viewed them as
slags cuz they're off with all the
Pakistani men the men we were viewing
them as children just looking saying
what they doing with all the taxi
drivers and what what what they're going
out of all the all the older Pakistani
men
[Music]